hello youtubers is me not to grow next
door
Atari on my last video I think it was
the one I was chunky twist and t-shirts
will show um a lot of ya'll said that
you guys like the chunky t-shirt on
style actually liked to I started like
it as the day went on and that same day
I went out and I hung out with my one of
my best guy friends his name was Justin
and then we also went to his house to
watch a few movies his dad was there and
you know I got my first negative the
hair comment okay this look his daddy's
um pretty older I don't know maybe 50 60
on blackmail he said to me it was like
um oh did you get your finger caught in
a light socket I okay whatever represent
he watched it cuz on in the past I'm how
many years ago but in the past he's had
a stroke Sasha like okay whatever I
gotta let go and yeah and then we went
MIA just about to leave he said
something else he was like oh where are
you from all his other stuff but I
didn't really care I thought it was
actually kind of funny not the like the
majority of people that majority people
that have something negative to say
about natural hair are like older black
people I believe in my sister's video
she talks about what she first went
natural of some older black ladies were
like oh how you get a job when your own
airline back in all the other stuff so I
feel like majority of the negative
contents are gonna probably come from
older black people so yeah but I mean I
really care because when I like my hair
and um this actually last night I came
in like third class of morning and I had
to hurry up and do my hair because I had
another appointment today so I hurry up
than I did in my to share twist and it
took me like John took me under 40
minutes it was like coming at 36 minutes
and I was like so happy so I me I like
this one actually I'm very hot I thought
much time to pick it out to my dad was
like rushing me um as you guys probably
see I have a little new adjustment to my
face cowl appears i got the madonna and
it was kind of like a spur-of-the-moment
tech fan
sorry but I mean I like it um so I swear
down billion guys doing on my first
negative hair comment I mean I didn't
let face me I still when I was like
whatever my hair looks amazing and plus
like I probably look like 10 times
better than all the other girls that
just to bring some even I like a Moscow
for anything but I mean so um I just
wanna hurt you ladies who are natural
rapport transitioning do your negative
hair comment you ignore it you roll your
eyes Misha a whatever at least my hotel
stays hopefully
so yeah that's all I had to talk about
was my deck repair comment and mow my
lawn madonna piercing my next video I'm
going to talk about tips on
transitioning cuz I just finished my
transition so that'll be my next video
peace not to go next door stay strong
you